So I wrote the whole novela for Dinos Dragons & Tacos. Then I re-wrote it so its sounded more professional (seeing as how I decided to invite perfect strangers aka you guys to read it.) Someplace in the re-writing process I ran into trouble. See I started tweeking things, and changing things. The more I started to like where my story was going the less I started to like where my game was going. See, I started out with the idea to make the game just take you down the storyline. That was going to be the whole game. Just run through this story. I made the whole first part to all the way through the taco party. Only when I went back to review it I just hated it, and I didnt know why. As I started re-writing the story, and subsequently hating the game even more I realized why I hated it. The story had become its own thing, and the game, as its supplement needed to add something, something the story didnt already have, something new, something fun, something else. So I had to come up with a new idea. How best to create a supplumental experience?

should i start the game after the story? should I have the player be a character inside the story that is not one of the dinosaurs and interact with them? If i dont that wont the player have an unfair advantage as they have read the story first and know what will happen? Should I do something else, what else if so? Should I just leave this whole blog series unpublished and do something else. I found myself in a pickle. So I went back to basics...

i wrote this story because i was inspired by some childrens books and wanted ada twist to be more of a scientist while also figuring out why dragons love tacos so much. But once i started writing, it became a conspiracy mystery, with dinosaurs, that was actually supposed to be a html game but wasn't anymore. So instead of trying to make this story a game maybe use this story as inspiration to create a game inspired by the story?  and the first thing that came to mind was, the invitation. so I was then determined that the "game" had to start with an inviation.

So I drew an invitation in paint and put it on a page. from there I started making up a very rough version of what I wanted to happen loosley based of the novella I had just written.

