When I was young I loved to Dance. I was good to, could have been a professional, but mom couldn't afford dance classes after dad left. All the pro dance companies want you to have a lot of classes and schooling. I went to audition for them but they told me I didnt have enough classes and schooling. I remember one day, when I was young. It was a glorious day. I was food shopping with mom. A song came over the loudspeaker in the store and I begin to dance. Actually I created my very own dance recitle on the spot. I did an interpretive dance through all the ailes, not only  showing off  the movement of the music, but the character of the products I passed along the way. My grand finiali was in the produce section I was interpreting the journy of watermelon from seed to store and I ended smashing one upon the store floor then picking up a seed and raising it above my head like simba in the lion king. We ended up having to pay for the watermelon but it was worth it for the finilization effect it had on the piece. Mom wasnt even that mad after. I planted that seed, a wonderfull watermelon grew from it. We never got to taste its sweetness, because someone stole it the day before we were going to "begin the cycle of life again." As I got older I had to leave dance behind, focus on more immediate needs like money, shelter, and relife from a life no longer full of dance. I had many ways to satiate myself, my favorite was drugs though. Thats how I ended up here, in this, the abandoned building of the week. I think about that day in the food supply store often. If only I could find a way to get back there, I would do things different. Everything would be different.

I awoke, as I always awake. In a new place, on the floor, in my "sleeping bag". It is really just a peice of carpet someone threw out that I picked up and started wrapping around me when i sleep. I met the day like I always do, with curses on my lips for what time has done to me. "I used to be great! I used to be a dancer!" Then I took a swig of breakfast and headed out to see what I could get into for the day. I usually packed up all my belongings before I moved to a new location, but today I was feeling lucky. I headed down the stairs and out into the back abandoned parking lot of the abandoned building and started to look around. Sunlight and a whole lot of concreat is all that I saw. At first, thats all I saw. While I was scanning the parking lot I saw a flicker. At first I ignored it but then I saw it again. For whatever reason I was compelled to investigate it further. I walked over closer and closer to the flicker and saw it was a bag, a paper grocery bag flickering in the slight breeze. Something about the bag seemed wrong. The logo seemed odd but I could not figure out why, and the breese should have blown the bag away but it was just waving in the wind. Something must have been inside, and I wanted whatever it was. I hesitated reaching into the bag, just because that something about the logo was bothering me, but my desire to posses was strong and I reached inside. I reached in and no matter how far I reached in I didnt feel the bottom. I actually got down on my knees in order to reach into the bag, and then something pulled me. 

Before I knew it I was tumbling down into dark open air. Falling and falling to no end. I was falling for so long that I actually remembered what was off about that logo on the bag. It was the logo of the food supply store. The one I gave my pre teen dance recitle in with the watermelon. Thing is, that chain went under back then. In fact a few months after my recitle all the stores in that chain were closed nationwide. how odd then, that that bag would be there, was the universe plotting some sort of strange revenge as a direct result of all my complaining? Thats when I crashed into the watermelons. I suddenly landed in an entire crate of watermelons. most of them smashed upon my impact. I clamored out of the crate, covered in watermelon parts and dripping with their blood. I wiped the  juice from my eyes and looked around. I was in the store, the same store as my original dance recital. How was this possible, what did it mean. I was very confused.   
